Support for npm packages in parametric tests (#758)
DataDog/system-tests: parametric/README.md

PYTHON_DDTRACE_PACKAGE=git+https://github.com/Datadog/dd-trace-py@1.x ./run.sh ...
```

#### NodeJS

There is two ways for running the NodeJS tests with a custom tracer:

> - Place an NPM package in the folder ``apps/nodejs/npm`` and then set the enviornment variable ``NODEJS_DDTRACE_MODULE``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place the ddtrace NPM package in the folder ``apps/nodejs/npm`` and then set the enviornment variable ``NODEJS_DDTRACE_MODULE``
```
?

Reviewer: can we maybe have a one liner command for how one can do this (given that the repo is cloned locally).

Author: Yes. I will add an example for each case. Thanks for your suggestions.

#### NodeJS

There is two ways for running the NodeJS tests with a custom tracer:

> - Place the ddtrace NPM package in the folder ``apps/nodejs/npm`` and then set the enviornment variable ``NODEJS_DDTRACE_MODULE``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Place the ddtrace NPM package in the folder ``apps/nodejs/npm`` and then set the environment variable ``NODEJS_DDTRACE_MODULE``
```

also, how does one get the npm package? or is this common knowledge for a node dev?

Author: Yep, it's pretty common for a node dev, in fact is simply running this command: `npm pack` in the project's folder.

> with the filename placed in the aforementioned folder. So after you've proceed with the installation and the ddtrace package

Reviewer: ```suggestion
with the filename placed in the aforementioned folder. For example: 
```

> properly placed you can run the tests with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
